upgrade: refine upgrade steps (#17233)
pingcap/docs: tiflash-upgrade-guide.md

>
> - PingCAP does not provide bug fixes for non-LTS versions, such as v6.0. It is recommended that you upgrade to v6.1 and later LTS versions whenever possible.
>

## Upgrade TiFlash using TiUP

To upgrade TiFlash from versions earlier than v5.3.0 to v5.3.0 or later, you must stop TiFlash and then upgrade it.

If you are upgrading using TiUP, the TiUP version must be no later than v1.12.0. Otherwise, you cannot upgrade directly, but must first upgrade to an intermediate version.

The following steps help you use TiUP to upgrade TiFlash without interrupting other components:

1. Stop the TiFlash instance:

    ```shell
    tiup cluster stop <cluster-name> -R tiflash
    ```

2. Upgrade the TiDB cluster without restarting it (only updating the files):

>     ```shell
>     tiup cluster upgrade <cluster-name> <version> --offline`, such as `tiup cluster upgrade <cluster-name> v5.3.0 --offline
>     ```

Author: ```suggestion
    ```shell
    tiup cluster upgrade <cluster-name> <version> --offline 
    ```
    For example:

    ```shell
    tiup cluster upgrade <cluster-name> v5.3.0 --offline
    ```

>
> - PingCAP does not provide bug fixes for non-LTS versions, such as v6.0. It is recommended that you upgrade to v6.1 and later LTS versions whenever possible.
>

## Upgrade TiFlash using TiUP

To upgrade TiFlash from versions earlier than v5.3.0 to v5.3.0 or later, you must stop TiFlash and then upgrade it.

If you are upgrading using TiUP, the TiUP version must be no later than v1.12.0. Otherwise, you cannot upgrade directly, but must first upgrade to an intermediate version.

The following steps help you use TiUP to upgrade TiFlash without interrupting other components:

1. Stop the TiFlash instance:

    ```shell
    tiup cluster stop <cluster-name> -R tiflash
    ```

2. Upgrade the TiDB cluster without restarting it (only updating the files):

    ```shell
    tiup cluster upgrade <cluster-name> <version> --offline 
    ```

>     For example:

Author: ```suggestion

    For example:
```

>
> - PingCAP does not provide bug fixes for non-LTS versions, such as v6.0. It is recommended that you upgrade to v6.1 and later LTS versions whenever possible.
>

## Upgrade TiFlash using TiUP

> To upgrade TiFlash from versions earlier than v5.3.0 to v5.3.0 or later, you must stop TiFlash and then upgrade it.
> 
> If you are upgrading using TiUP, the TiUP version must be no later than v1.12.0. Otherwise, you cannot upgrade directly, but must first upgrade to an intermediate version.
> 
> The following steps help you use TiUP to upgrade TiFlash without interrupting other components:

Author: ```suggestion
To upgrade TiFlash from versions earlier than v5.3.0 to v5.3.0 or later, you must stop TiFlash and then upgrade it. If you are upgrading using TiUP, note the following:

- If the TiUP cluster version is v1.12.0 or later, you cannot stop TiFlash and then upgrade it. If the target version requires a TiUP cluster version of v1.12.0 or later, it is recommended that you first use `tiup cluster:v1.11.3 <subcommamd>` to upgrade TiFlash to an intermediate version, perform an online upgrade of the TiDB cluster, upgrade the TiUP version, and then upgrade the TiDB cluster to the target version directly without stopping it.
- If the TiUP cluster version is earlier than v1.12.0, perform the following steps to upgrade TiFlash.

The following steps help you use TiUP to upgrade TiFlash without interrupting other components:
```

>
> - PingCAP does not provide bug fixes for non-LTS versions, such as v6.0. It is recommended that you upgrade to v6.1 and later LTS versions whenever possible.
>

## Upgrade TiFlash using TiUP

> To upgrade TiFlash from versions earlier than v5.3.0 to v5.3.0 or later, you must stop TiFlash and then upgrade it. If you are upgrading using TiUP, note the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade TiFlash from versions earlier than v5.3.0 to v5.3.0 or later, you must stop TiFlash and then upgrade it. When you upgrade TiFlash using TiUP, note the following:
```

> - If the TiUP cluster version is v1.12.0 or later, you cannot stop TiFlash and then upgrade it. If the target version requires a TiUP cluster version of v1.12.0 or later, it is recommended that you first use `tiup cluster:v1.11.3 <subcommamd>` to upgrade TiFlash to an intermediate version, perform an online upgrade of the TiDB cluster, upgrade the TiUP version, and then upgrade the TiDB cluster to the target version directly without stopping it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the TiUP cluster version is v1.12.0 or later, you cannot stop TiFlash and then upgrade it. If the target version requires a TiUP cluster version of v1.12.0 or later, it is recommended that you first use `tiup cluster:v1.11.3 <subcommand>` to upgrade TiFlash to an intermediate version, perform an online upgrade of the TiDB cluster, upgrade the TiUP version, and then upgrade the TiDB cluster to the target version directly without stopping it.
```
